README.md, before:

# Math Decoder
## A Cryptographic Mathematical Game for Children

![Sample image of Math Decoder's Main Menu](https://www.ericmcd.com/mathdecoder/imgs/math-decoder-input.png)
![Sample run Math Decoder after taking in input](https://www.ericmcd.com/mathdecoder/imgs/math-decoder-output.png)

---

Welcome to Math Decoder, written by Eric McDaniel - April 2020.

### Purpose
This web application was inspired from a page in a 1st grade mathematics workbook that provided supplementary problems for my daughter after school. In it, children were expected to match solved mathematical equations with their solutions. My inspiration was to go beyond and first make the child solve the expression. Second, they match the corresponding letter with a blank solution provided at the bottom, decoding the encrypted message at the bottom. Third, the web app would take any arbitrary input and generate a solution set with a unique key with no repeating solutions. Here, the Math Decoder was born.

### Mission
My main priority when developing this web application was to build something that would help my daughter with her mathematics. She was my target audience and I tailored the experience in her favor. I however made it generic enough to be useable by everyone. Making the source open and hosting it for free on my website [www.ericmcd.com](https://www.ericmcd.com), it's free and available for everyone to use without restrictions. With a goal of promoting mathematics in early childhood education, I am thrilled to have an opportunity to share something that would be creative and engaging for children to work on while still practicing necessary skills.

---

### Usage
+ There are four difficulty levels to choose from. Select one of the radio buttons to proceed.
+ Provide a message of no more than 42 characters in the `Secret Message` input field. This will be the encrypted message hidden at the bottom that the child must decrypt.
+ You may optionally enter a message in the `Optional Message` input field below. This is a prompt that would show at the top of the page, such as a question at the top if the decrypted message were to be the answer to the question.
+ Press `Encrypt`, and the application will generate the solution set and problems.

### Difficulty Level Descriptions
| Level | Description |
| --- | --- |
| `Level 1` | Addition and Subtraction. Easy tier. (Single and double digit problem sets) |
| `Level 2` | Addition and Subtraction. Difficult tier. (Single, double, and triple digit problem sets) |
| `Level 3` | Multiplication and Division. Easy tier. (Single and double digit problem sets) |
| `Level 4` | Multiplication and Division. Difficult tier. (Single, double, and triple digit problem sets) |

## Create Usable Worksheets
The purpose of this application is to create printable worksheets. After the problems and solution set is generated and displayed to the window, print the page using your preferred printer. The web app uses a custom printer media stylesheet that will render the text for printers as well as it can, so no alterations are necessary.

#### Contact the Author
Should you find an error in the program or would like to contact me for any suggestions, improvements, or threats, you can use GitHub's `@McDanielES` mention system to contact me, or email me at [eric@ericmcd.com](mailto:eric@ericmcd.com). I will try to respond as soon as I am available.

I am a Computer Science student at the University of Wisconsin - Madison. I am learning the fundamentals of programming in Java, Python, JavaScript, and C++. This program was written primarily for my benefit and to apply the skills learned in class into a real-world context. I am aware that it may not be realistic and often crude or unsophisticated. But <i>live and learn</i>.

You are free to clone, fork, modify and use this application as you please.

Commit message:

Add MIT License, modify README with license change and new input directions

README.md, after:

# Math Decoder
### A Cryptographic Mathematical Game for Children

This game is hosted live for free and can be found at [ericmcd.com/mathdecoder](https://www.ericmcd.com/mathdecoder/)

![Sample image of Math Decoder's Main Menu](https://www.ericmcd.com/mathdecoder/imgs/math-decoder-input.png)
![Sample run Math Decoder after taking in input](https://www.ericmcd.com/mathdecoder/imgs/math-decoder-output.png)

### Purpose
This web application was inspired from a page in a 1st grade mathematics workbook that provided supplementary problems for my daughter after school. In it, children were expected to match solved mathematical equations with their solutions. My inspiration was to go beyond and first make the child solve the expression. Second, they match the corresponding letter with a blank solution provided at the bottom, decoding the encrypted message at the bottom. Third, the web app would take any arbitrary input and generate a solution set with a unique key with no repeating solutions. Here, the Math Decoder was born.

### Mission
My main priority when developing this web application was to build something that would help my daughter with her mathematics. She was my target audience and I tailored the experience in her favor. I however made it generic enough to be useable by everyone. Making the source open and hosting it for free on my website [www.ericmcd.com](https://www.ericmcd.com), it's free and available for everyone to use without restrictions. With a goal of promoting mathematics in early childhood education, I am thrilled to have an opportunity to share something that would be creative and engaging for children to work on while still practicing necessary skills.

---

### Usage
+ There are four difficulty levels to choose from. Select one of the radio buttons to proceed.
+ Provide a message of no more than 42 characters in the `Secret Message` input field. This will be the encrypted message hidden at the bottom that the child must decrypt.
+ You may optionally enter a message in the `Optional Message` input field below. This is a prompt that would show at the top of the page, such as a question at the top if the decrypted message were to be the answer to the question. This is not required.
+ Press `Encrypt`, or press enter from any of the input fields. The application will generate the solution set and problems.

### Difficulty Level Descriptions
| Level | Description |
| --- | --- |
| `Level 1` | Addition and Subtraction. Easy tier. (Single and double digit problem sets) |
| `Level 2` | Addition and Subtraction. Difficult tier. (Single, double, and triple digit problem sets) |
| `Level 3` | Multiplication and Division. Easy tier. (Single and double digit problem sets) |
| `Level 4` | Multiplication and Division. Difficult tier. (Single, double, and triple digit problem sets) |

## Create Usable Worksheets
The purpose of this application is to create printable worksheets. After the problems and solution set is generated and displayed to the window, print the page using your preferred printer. The web app uses a custom printer media stylesheet that will render the text for printers as well as it can, so no alterations are necessary.

#### License
MIT. You are free to clone, fork, modify and use this application as you please.

#### Contact the Author
Should you find an error in the program or would like to contact me for any suggestions, improvements, or threats, you can use GitHub's `@McDanielES` mention system to contact me, or email me at [eric@ericmcd.com](mailto:eric@ericmcd.com). I will try to respond as soon as I am available.
